android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getClientWidth()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setScrimColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerLockMode(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setParallaxDistance(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getParallaxDistance()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setSliderFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getSliderFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setCoveredFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getCoveredFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int disappear
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int grow_from_bottom
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int grow_from_bottomleft_to_topright
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int grow_from_bottomright_to_topleft
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int grow_from_top
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int grow_from_topleft_to_bottomright
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int grow_from_topright_to_bottomleft
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int pump_bottom
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int pump_top
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int rail
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottom
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottomleft_to_topright
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottomright_to_topleft
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int shrink_from_top
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int shrink_from_topleft_to_bottomright
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$anim: int shrink_from_topright_to_bottomleft
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$array: int settings_font_size_values
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$array: int settings_font_sizes
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$array: int settings_interval_values
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$array: int settings_intervals
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$array: int settings_keep_time_values
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$array: int settings_keep_times
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$array: int settings_proxy_types
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$array: int settings_proxy_types_names
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$color: int random
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$color: int sky_blue_deep
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$color: int sky_blue_deep1
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$dimen: int list_item_height_large
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$dimen: int list_item_height_small
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$dimen: int list_item_height_standard
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$dimen: int popup_detail_view_width
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$dimen: int popup_height
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$dimen: int popup_side_actions_width
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$dimen: int popup_width
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$dimen: int uv_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int action_export
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int action_import
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int action_item_btn
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int action_item_selected
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int action_search
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int action_settings
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int add_group
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int arrow_down
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int arrow_up
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bar10
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bar12
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bar4
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bar5
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bar6
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bar7
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bar8
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bar9
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int basketball
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bkg1
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bkg2
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bkg3
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bkg4
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bkg5
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int bkg6
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int cancel_full_screen
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int content_copy
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int content_discard
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int content_edit
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int content_new
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg2
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg3
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int dimmed_content_new
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int dimmed_rating_important
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int dimmed_rating_not_important
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int drawer_shadow
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int droid
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int droid2
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int earth
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int full_screen
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int group_collapsed
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int group_expanded
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int hide_reads
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int ic_drawer
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int ic_navigation_drawer
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int ic_statusbar_rss
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int ic_statusbar_rss1
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int icon
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int leaf
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int leaf1
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int leaf2
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int logo
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int logo_large
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int menu_eraser
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int menu_info
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int menu_search
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int navigation_back
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int navigation_forward
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int new_bk
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int popup
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int radialback
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int radialback_new
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int rating_important
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int rating_not_important
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int read_all
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int red_bkg
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int refresh
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int round_background
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int selection_handle
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int sky_blue_with_pebbles_bkg
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int social_share
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int sort
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int stars
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int sun_flower
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int sunflower
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int texturesmall
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int uv_add
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int uv_admin_response
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int uv_article
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int uv_clickable
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int uv_comment
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int uv_contact
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int uv_heart
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int uv_idea
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int uv_list_separator
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int uv_list_separator_light
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int view_reads
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$drawable: int wood
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int accelerated
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int activity_bar
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int activity_frame
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int applyContentRadio
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int applyTitleRadio
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int arrow_down
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int arrow_up
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int backBtn
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int button_layout
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int byTopic
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int byWebSearch
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int byYoutube
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int cancelFullscreenBtn
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int container
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int content_flipper
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int details
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int download
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int dragLayer
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int drawer_layout
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int droid_flakes_parent
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int endHandle
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int feed_icon
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int feed_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int feed_url
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int feedsListView
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int filterText
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int filter_textview
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int filters_layout
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int forwardBtn
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int fragment
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int icon
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int imageView
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int imageView1
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int indicator
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int iv_icon
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int left_drawer
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int less
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int logo
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int main_content
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int main_content_parent
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_add_feed
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_add_group
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_all_read
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_copy_clipboard
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_delete
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_edit
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_export
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_full_screen
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_help_and_feedback
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_hide_read
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_import
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_mark_as_unread
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_refresh
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_settings_main
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_share
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_share_starred
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int menu_star
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int more
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int name_textview
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int popup_actions_view
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int popup_dictionary_meaning_view
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int popup_download_status_download_button
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int popup_download_status_information
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int popup_download_status_layout_root
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int popup_download_status_progress_bar
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int popup_download_status_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int popup_download_status_view
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int radioGroup
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int regexCheckBox
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int retrieve_fulltext
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int roboto_logo_parent
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int root_master_of_all
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int save_button
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int scroller
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int searchButton
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int searchText
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int seekbar_blue
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int seekbar_green
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int seekbar_red
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int seekbar_transparency
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int separator
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int sortItem
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int startHandle
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int touch_gestures_parent
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int tracks
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int tv_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int unread_count
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int url_textview
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_action_contact
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_action_search
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_admin_avatar
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_admin_name
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_admin_response
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_avatar
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_comment_count
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_comment_edit_text
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_contact_button
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_container
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_creator
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_date
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_detail
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_divider
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_email
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_header_text
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_helpful_button
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_helpful_section
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_icon
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_list
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_menu_search
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_name
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_new_idea
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_password
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_post_comment
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_response_date
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_response_divider
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_response_status
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_response_text
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_select_field
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_signin_email
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_signin_forgot_password
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_signin_name
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_signin_password
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_signin_password_fields
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_status
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_subscribe
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_subscribe_checkbox
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_subscriber_count
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_suggestion_details
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_suggestion_status
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_suggestion_status_color
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_suggestion_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_text
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_text2
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_text_field
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_unhelpful_button
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_view_flipper
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int uv_webview
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$id: int webView
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int action_item_horizontal
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int action_item_vertical
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int activity_download
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int activity_entry
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int activity_feed_edit
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int activity_main
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int activity_preferences
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int activity_progress
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int dialog_color_transparency_picker
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int dialog_filter_edit
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int dialog_search_feed
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int download_status_info
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int droidflakes
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int fragment_entry_list
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int fragment_feed_list
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int horiz_separator
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int item_drawer_list
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int item_entry_list
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int item_feed_list
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int item_search_result
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int main
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int notused_for_flakes
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int popup_horizontal
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int popup_vertical
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int popup_vertical_dictionary_meaning
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int selection_drag_layer
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int touch_main
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_article_layout
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_comment_dialog
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_comment_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_contact_button_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_contact_text_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_divider
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_header_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_header_item_light
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_header_item_light_no_padding
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_idea_dialog
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_idea_dialog_header
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_idea_help_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_instant_answer_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_list_content
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_loading_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_password_dialog
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_select_field_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_signin_layout
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_subscribe_dialog
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_suggestion_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_text_field_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int uv_text_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int widget
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int widget_config
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int widget_item
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$layout: int widget_preferences
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$menu: int drawer
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$menu: int edit_context_menu
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$menu: int entry
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$menu: int entry_list
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$menu: int feed_context_menu
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$menu: int feed_list
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$menu: int main
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$menu: int uv_forum
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$menu: int uv_portal
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$plurals: int uv_articles
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$plurals: int uv_comments
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$plurals: int uv_ideas
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$plurals: int uv_number_of_subscribers_format
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$plurals: int uv_people
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$plurals: int uv_subscribers
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$raw: int default_feeds
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int action_settings
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int actionbar_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int add_group_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int all
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int all_feeds
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int app_name
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int blue
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int cant_open_link
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int colon
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int context_menu_delete
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int context_menu_edit
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int context_menu_hide_read
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int context_menu_share_starred
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int context_menu_show_read
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int copied_clipboard
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int download_hint
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int drawer_close
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int drawer_open
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int edit_feed_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int edit_group_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int error
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int error_external_storage_not_available
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int error_feed_error
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int error_feed_export
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int error_feed_import
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int error_feed_process
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int error_feed_url_exists
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int favorites
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int feed_filters
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int feed_search
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int feed_search_by_topic
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int feed_search_by_web_search
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int feed_search_by_youtube
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int feed_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int feed_url
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int feedex_feeds
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int feeds
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int filter_add_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int filter_apply_to_content
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int filter_apply_to_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int filter_delete_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int filter_edit_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int filter_is_regex
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int get_full_text
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int green
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int hello_world
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int loading
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_add_feed
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_add_group
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_all_read
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_copy_clipboard
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_export
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_full_screen
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_help_and_feedback
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_import
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_mark_as_unread
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_refresh
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_settings
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_share
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_star
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int menu_unstar
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int message_exported_to
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int network_error
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int never
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int new_entries
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int new_feed_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int no_entries
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int no_feeds
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int no_filters
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int no_result
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int optional
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int original_text
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int question_delete_feed
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int question_delete_filter
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int question_delete_group
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int red
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int see_enclosure
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int see_link
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int select_file
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_category_content_presentation
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_category_network
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_category_notifications
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_category_refresh
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_disable_pictures
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_disable_pictures_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_fetch_pictures
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_fetch_pictures_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_font_size
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_font_size_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_keep_time
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_keep_time_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_lighttheme
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_lighttheme_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_notifications_enabled
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_notifications_enabled_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_notifications_ringtone
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_notifications_ringtone_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_notifications_vibrate
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_notifications_vibrate_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_proxy_enabled
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_proxy_host
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_proxy_port
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_proxy_type
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_proxy_wifi_only
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_proxy_wifi_only_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_refresh_enabled
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_refresh_enabled_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_refresh_interval
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_refresh_interval_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_refresh_on_open
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_refresh_on_open_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_refresh_wifi_only
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_refresh_wifi_only_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_screen_proxy
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_visible_feeds
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_widget_background
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int settings_widget_background_description
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int share_favorites_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int to_group_above
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int to_group_into
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int to_group_message
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int to_group_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int transparency
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int update
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_admin_response_format
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_all_articles
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_all_results_filter
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_article
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_article_browse_question
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_article_instant_answer_question
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_articles_filter
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_cancel
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_category
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_close
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_comment_hint
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_confirm
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_contact_continue_button
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_contact_hint
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_contact_us
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_display_name
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_email_address
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_email_address_hint
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_error
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_failed_signin_error
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_feedback_forum
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_forgot_password
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_helpful_article_message_question
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_i_want_this
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_idea
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_idea_description_heading
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_idea_description_hint
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_idea_form_help
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_idea_form_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_idea_text_heading
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_idea_text_hint
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_ideas_filter
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_knowledge_base
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_loading
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_matching_articles
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_matching_articles_and_ideas
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_matching_ideas
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_menu_search
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_msg_comment_posted
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_msg_confirm_discard_idea
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_msg_confirm_discard_message
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_msg_custom_fields_validation
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_msg_forgot_password
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_msg_idea_created
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_msg_subscribe
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_msg_subscribe_success
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_msg_ticket_created
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_msg_unsubscribe
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_msg_user_identity_validation
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_name_hint
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_network_error
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_nevermind
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_new_comment
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_next
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_no
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_none_of_these_help
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_number_of_subscribers_format
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_password
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_password_dialog_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_portal_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_post_a_comment
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_post_an_idea
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_post_comment
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_post_idea_continue_button
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_posted_by_format
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_remove_votes
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_select_none
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_select_one
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_send_message
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_signin_dialog_ok
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_signin_dialog_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_status_format
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_submit_idea
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_subscribe
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_subscribe_dialog_title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_suggestion_instant_answer_question
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_thanks
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_title_idea
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_unhelpful_article_message_question
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_value
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_very_yes
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_yes
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_your_email_address
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int uv_your_name
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$string: int website_or_feed
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Animations
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Center
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Left
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Reflect
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Right
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Center
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Left
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Reflect
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Right
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int AppTheme
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme_MyActionBar
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme_MyActionBar_TitleTextStyle
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int ListSeparator
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Text
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Text_Normal
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int Text_Title
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int TextAppearance_OptionsMenuItem
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int uv_ListSeparator
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$style: int uv_ListSeparatorLight
com.almeros.android.multitouch.R$xml: int widgetinfo
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int disappear
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int grow_from_bottom
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int grow_from_bottomleft_to_topright
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int grow_from_bottomright_to_topleft
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int grow_from_top
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int grow_from_topleft_to_bottomright
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int grow_from_topright_to_bottomleft
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int pump_bottom
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int pump_top
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int rail
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottom
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottomleft_to_topright
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottomright_to_topleft
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int shrink_from_top
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int shrink_from_topleft_to_bottomright
com.nineoldandroids.R$anim: int shrink_from_topright_to_bottomleft
com.nineoldandroids.R$array: int settings_font_size_values
com.nineoldandroids.R$array: int settings_font_sizes
com.nineoldandroids.R$array: int settings_interval_values
com.nineoldandroids.R$array: int settings_intervals
com.nineoldandroids.R$array: int settings_keep_time_values
com.nineoldandroids.R$array: int settings_keep_times
com.nineoldandroids.R$array: int settings_proxy_types
com.nineoldandroids.R$array: int settings_proxy_types_names
com.nineoldandroids.R$color: int random
com.nineoldandroids.R$color: int sky_blue_deep
com.nineoldandroids.R$color: int sky_blue_deep1
com.nineoldandroids.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.nineoldandroids.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.nineoldandroids.R$dimen: int list_item_height_large
com.nineoldandroids.R$dimen: int list_item_height_small
com.nineoldandroids.R$dimen: int list_item_height_standard
com.nineoldandroids.R$dimen: int popup_detail_view_width
com.nineoldandroids.R$dimen: int popup_height
com.nineoldandroids.R$dimen: int popup_side_actions_width
com.nineoldandroids.R$dimen: int popup_width
com.nineoldandroids.R$dimen: int uv_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int action_export
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int action_import
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int action_item_btn
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int action_item_selected
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int action_search
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int action_settings
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int add_group
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int arrow_down
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int arrow_up
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bar10
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bar12
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bar4
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bar5
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bar6
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bar7
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bar8
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bar9
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int basketball
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bkg1
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bkg2
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bkg3
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bkg4
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bkg5
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int bkg6
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int cancel_full_screen
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int content_copy
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int content_discard
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int content_edit
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int content_new
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg2
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg3
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int dimmed_content_new
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int dimmed_rating_important
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int dimmed_rating_not_important
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int drawer_shadow
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int droid
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int droid2
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int earth
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int full_screen
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int group_collapsed
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int group_expanded
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int hide_reads
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int ic_drawer
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int ic_navigation_drawer
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int ic_statusbar_rss
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int ic_statusbar_rss1
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int icon
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int leaf
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int leaf1
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int leaf2
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int logo
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int logo_large
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int menu_eraser
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int menu_info
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int menu_search
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int navigation_back
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int navigation_forward
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int new_bk
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int popup
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int radialback
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int radialback_new
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int rating_important
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int rating_not_important
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int read_all
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int red_bkg
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int refresh
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int round_background
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int selection_handle
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int sky_blue_with_pebbles_bkg
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int social_share
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int sort
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int stars
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int sun_flower
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int sunflower
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int texturesmall
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int uv_add
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int uv_admin_response
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int uv_article
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int uv_clickable
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int uv_comment
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int uv_contact
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int uv_heart
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int uv_idea
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int uv_list_separator
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int uv_list_separator_light
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int view_reads
com.nineoldandroids.R$drawable: int wood
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int accelerated
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int activity_bar
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int activity_frame
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int applyContentRadio
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int applyTitleRadio
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int arrow_down
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int arrow_up
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int backBtn
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int button_layout
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int byTopic
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int byWebSearch
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int byYoutube
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int cancelFullscreenBtn
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int container
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int content_flipper
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int details
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int download
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int dragLayer
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int drawer_layout
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int droid_flakes_parent
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int endHandle
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int feed_icon
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int feed_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int feed_url
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int feedsListView
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int filterText
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int filter_textview
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int filters_layout
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int forwardBtn
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int fragment
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int icon
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int imageView
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int imageView1
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int indicator
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int iv_icon
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int left_drawer
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int less
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int logo
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int main_content
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int main_content_parent
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_add_feed
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_add_group
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_all_read
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_copy_clipboard
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_delete
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_edit
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_export
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_full_screen
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_help_and_feedback
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_hide_read
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_import
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_mark_as_unread
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_refresh
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_settings_main
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_share
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_share_starred
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int menu_star
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int more
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int name_textview
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int popup_actions_view
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int popup_dictionary_meaning_view
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int popup_download_status_download_button
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int popup_download_status_information
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int popup_download_status_layout_root
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int popup_download_status_progress_bar
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int popup_download_status_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int popup_download_status_view
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int radioGroup
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int regexCheckBox
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int retrieve_fulltext
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int roboto_logo_parent
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int root_master_of_all
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int save_button
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int scroller
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int searchButton
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int searchText
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int seekbar_blue
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int seekbar_green
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int seekbar_red
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int seekbar_transparency
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int separator
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int sortItem
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int startHandle
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int touch_gestures_parent
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int tracks
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int tv_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int unread_count
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int url_textview
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_action_contact
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_action_search
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_admin_avatar
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_admin_name
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_admin_response
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_avatar
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_comment_count
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_comment_edit_text
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_contact_button
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_container
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_creator
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_date
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_detail
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_divider
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_email
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_header_text
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_helpful_button
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_helpful_section
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_icon
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_list
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_menu_search
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_name
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_new_idea
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_password
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_post_comment
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_response_date
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_response_divider
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_response_status
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_response_text
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_select_field
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_signin_email
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_signin_forgot_password
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_signin_name
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_signin_password
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_signin_password_fields
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_status
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_subscribe
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_subscribe_checkbox
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_subscriber_count
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_suggestion_details
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_suggestion_status
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_suggestion_status_color
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_suggestion_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_text
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_text2
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_text_field
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_unhelpful_button
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_view_flipper
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int uv_webview
com.nineoldandroids.R$id: int webView
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int action_item_horizontal
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int action_item_vertical
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int activity_download
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int activity_entry
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int activity_feed_edit
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int activity_main
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int activity_preferences
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int activity_progress
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int dialog_color_transparency_picker
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int dialog_filter_edit
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int dialog_search_feed
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int download_status_info
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int droidflakes
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int fragment_entry_list
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int fragment_feed_list
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int horiz_separator
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int item_drawer_list
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int item_entry_list
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int item_feed_list
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int item_search_result
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int main
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int notused_for_flakes
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int popup_horizontal
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int popup_vertical
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int popup_vertical_dictionary_meaning
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int selection_drag_layer
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int touch_main
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_article_layout
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_comment_dialog
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_comment_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_contact_button_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_contact_text_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_divider
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_header_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_header_item_light
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_header_item_light_no_padding
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_idea_dialog
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_idea_dialog_header
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_idea_help_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_instant_answer_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_list_content
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_loading_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_password_dialog
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_select_field_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_signin_layout
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_subscribe_dialog
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_suggestion_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_text_field_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int uv_text_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int widget
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int widget_config
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int widget_item
com.nineoldandroids.R$layout: int widget_preferences
com.nineoldandroids.R$menu: int drawer
com.nineoldandroids.R$menu: int edit_context_menu
com.nineoldandroids.R$menu: int entry
com.nineoldandroids.R$menu: int entry_list
com.nineoldandroids.R$menu: int feed_context_menu
com.nineoldandroids.R$menu: int feed_list
com.nineoldandroids.R$menu: int main
com.nineoldandroids.R$menu: int uv_forum
com.nineoldandroids.R$menu: int uv_portal
com.nineoldandroids.R$plurals: int uv_articles
com.nineoldandroids.R$plurals: int uv_comments
com.nineoldandroids.R$plurals: int uv_ideas
com.nineoldandroids.R$plurals: int uv_number_of_subscribers_format
com.nineoldandroids.R$plurals: int uv_people
com.nineoldandroids.R$plurals: int uv_subscribers
com.nineoldandroids.R$raw: int default_feeds
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int action_settings
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int actionbar_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int add_group_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int all
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int all_feeds
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int app_name
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int blue
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int cant_open_link
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int colon
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int context_menu_delete
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int context_menu_edit
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int context_menu_hide_read
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int context_menu_share_starred
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int context_menu_show_read
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int copied_clipboard
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int download_hint
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int drawer_close
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int drawer_open
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int edit_feed_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int edit_group_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int error
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int error_external_storage_not_available
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int error_feed_error
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int error_feed_export
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int error_feed_import
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int error_feed_process
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int error_feed_url_exists
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int favorites
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int feed_filters
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int feed_search
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int feed_search_by_topic
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int feed_search_by_web_search
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int feed_search_by_youtube
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int feed_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int feed_url
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int feedex_feeds
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int feeds
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int filter_add_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int filter_apply_to_content
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int filter_apply_to_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int filter_delete_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int filter_edit_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int filter_is_regex
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int get_full_text
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int green
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int hello_world
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int loading
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_add_feed
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_add_group
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_all_read
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_copy_clipboard
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_export
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_full_screen
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_help_and_feedback
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_import
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_mark_as_unread
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_refresh
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_settings
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_share
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_star
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int menu_unstar
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int message_exported_to
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int network_error
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int never
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int new_entries
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int new_feed_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int no_entries
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int no_feeds
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int no_filters
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int no_result
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int optional
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int original_text
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int question_delete_feed
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int question_delete_filter
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int question_delete_group
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int red
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int see_enclosure
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int see_link
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int select_file
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_category_content_presentation
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_category_network
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_category_notifications
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_category_refresh
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_disable_pictures
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_disable_pictures_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_fetch_pictures
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_fetch_pictures_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_font_size
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_font_size_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_keep_time
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_keep_time_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_lighttheme
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_lighttheme_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_notifications_enabled
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_notifications_enabled_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_notifications_ringtone
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_notifications_ringtone_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_notifications_vibrate
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_notifications_vibrate_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_proxy_enabled
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_proxy_host
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_proxy_port
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_proxy_type
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_proxy_wifi_only
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_proxy_wifi_only_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_refresh_enabled
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_refresh_enabled_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_refresh_interval
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_refresh_interval_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_refresh_on_open
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_refresh_on_open_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_refresh_wifi_only
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_refresh_wifi_only_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_screen_proxy
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_visible_feeds
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_widget_background
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int settings_widget_background_description
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int share_favorites_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int to_group_above
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int to_group_into
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int to_group_message
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int to_group_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int transparency
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int update
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_admin_response_format
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_all_articles
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_all_results_filter
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_article
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_article_browse_question
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_article_instant_answer_question
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_articles_filter
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_cancel
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_category
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_close
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_comment_hint
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_confirm
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_contact_continue_button
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_contact_hint
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_contact_us
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_display_name
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_email_address
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_email_address_hint
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_error
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_failed_signin_error
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_feedback_forum
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_forgot_password
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_helpful_article_message_question
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_i_want_this
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_idea
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_idea_description_heading
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_idea_description_hint
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_idea_form_help
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_idea_form_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_idea_text_heading
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_idea_text_hint
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_ideas_filter
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_knowledge_base
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_loading
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_matching_articles
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_matching_articles_and_ideas
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_matching_ideas
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_menu_search
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_msg_comment_posted
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_msg_confirm_discard_idea
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_msg_confirm_discard_message
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_msg_custom_fields_validation
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_msg_forgot_password
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_msg_idea_created
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_msg_subscribe
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_msg_subscribe_success
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_msg_ticket_created
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_msg_unsubscribe
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_msg_user_identity_validation
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_name_hint
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_network_error
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_nevermind
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_new_comment
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_next
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_no
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_none_of_these_help
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_number_of_subscribers_format
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_password
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_password_dialog_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_portal_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_post_a_comment
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_post_an_idea
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_post_comment
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_post_idea_continue_button
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_posted_by_format
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_remove_votes
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_select_none
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_select_one
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_send_message
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_signin_dialog_ok
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_signin_dialog_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_status_format
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_submit_idea
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_subscribe
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_subscribe_dialog_title
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_suggestion_instant_answer_question
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_thanks
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_title_idea
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_unhelpful_article_message_question
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_value
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_very_yes
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_yes
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_your_email_address
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int uv_your_name
com.nineoldandroids.R$string: int website_or_feed
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Animations
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Center
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Left
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Reflect
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Right
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Center
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Left
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Reflect
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Right
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int AppTheme
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme_MyActionBar
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme_MyActionBar_TitleTextStyle
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int ListSeparator
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Text
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Text_Normal
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int Text_Title
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int TextAppearance_OptionsMenuItem
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int uv_ListSeparator
com.nineoldandroids.R$style: int uv_ListSeparatorLight
com.nineoldandroids.R$xml: int widgetinfo
com.roboto.R$anim: int disappear
com.roboto.R$anim: int grow_from_bottom
com.roboto.R$anim: int grow_from_bottomleft_to_topright
com.roboto.R$anim: int grow_from_bottomright_to_topleft
com.roboto.R$anim: int grow_from_top
com.roboto.R$anim: int grow_from_topleft_to_bottomright
com.roboto.R$anim: int grow_from_topright_to_bottomleft
com.roboto.R$anim: int pump_bottom
com.roboto.R$anim: int pump_top
com.roboto.R$anim: int rail
com.roboto.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottom
com.roboto.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottomleft_to_topright
com.roboto.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottomright_to_topleft
com.roboto.R$anim: int shrink_from_top
com.roboto.R$anim: int shrink_from_topleft_to_bottomright
com.roboto.R$anim: int shrink_from_topright_to_bottomleft
com.roboto.R$array: int settings_font_size_values
com.roboto.R$array: int settings_font_sizes
com.roboto.R$array: int settings_interval_values
com.roboto.R$array: int settings_intervals
com.roboto.R$array: int settings_keep_time_values
com.roboto.R$array: int settings_keep_times
com.roboto.R$array: int settings_proxy_types
com.roboto.R$array: int settings_proxy_types_names
com.roboto.R$color: int random
com.roboto.R$color: int sky_blue_deep
com.roboto.R$color: int sky_blue_deep1
com.roboto.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.roboto.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.roboto.R$dimen: int list_item_height_large
com.roboto.R$dimen: int list_item_height_small
com.roboto.R$dimen: int list_item_height_standard
com.roboto.R$dimen: int popup_detail_view_width
com.roboto.R$dimen: int popup_height
com.roboto.R$dimen: int popup_side_actions_width
com.roboto.R$dimen: int popup_width
com.roboto.R$dimen: int uv_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.roboto.R$drawable: int action_export
com.roboto.R$drawable: int action_import
com.roboto.R$drawable: int action_item_btn
com.roboto.R$drawable: int action_item_selected
com.roboto.R$drawable: int action_search
com.roboto.R$drawable: int action_settings
com.roboto.R$drawable: int add_group
com.roboto.R$drawable: int arrow_down
com.roboto.R$drawable: int arrow_up
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bar10
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bar12
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bar4
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bar5
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bar6
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bar7
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bar8
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bar9
com.roboto.R$drawable: int basketball
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bkg1
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bkg2
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bkg3
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bkg4
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bkg5
com.roboto.R$drawable: int bkg6
com.roboto.R$drawable: int cancel_full_screen
com.roboto.R$drawable: int content_copy
com.roboto.R$drawable: int content_discard
com.roboto.R$drawable: int content_edit
com.roboto.R$drawable: int content_new
com.roboto.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg
com.roboto.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg2
com.roboto.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg3
com.roboto.R$drawable: int dimmed_content_new
com.roboto.R$drawable: int dimmed_rating_important
com.roboto.R$drawable: int dimmed_rating_not_important
com.roboto.R$drawable: int drawer_shadow
com.roboto.R$drawable: int droid
com.roboto.R$drawable: int droid2
com.roboto.R$drawable: int earth
com.roboto.R$drawable: int full_screen
com.roboto.R$drawable: int group_collapsed
com.roboto.R$drawable: int group_expanded
com.roboto.R$drawable: int hide_reads
com.roboto.R$drawable: int ic_drawer
com.roboto.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.roboto.R$drawable: int ic_navigation_drawer
com.roboto.R$drawable: int ic_statusbar_rss
com.roboto.R$drawable: int ic_statusbar_rss1
com.roboto.R$drawable: int icon
com.roboto.R$drawable: int leaf
com.roboto.R$drawable: int leaf1
com.roboto.R$drawable: int leaf2
com.roboto.R$drawable: int logo
com.roboto.R$drawable: int logo_large
com.roboto.R$drawable: int menu_eraser
com.roboto.R$drawable: int menu_info
com.roboto.R$drawable: int menu_search
com.roboto.R$drawable: int navigation_back
com.roboto.R$drawable: int navigation_forward
com.roboto.R$drawable: int new_bk
com.roboto.R$drawable: int popup
com.roboto.R$drawable: int radialback
com.roboto.R$drawable: int radialback_new
com.roboto.R$drawable: int rating_important
com.roboto.R$drawable: int rating_not_important
com.roboto.R$drawable: int read_all
com.roboto.R$drawable: int red_bkg
com.roboto.R$drawable: int refresh
com.roboto.R$drawable: int round_background
com.roboto.R$drawable: int selection_handle
com.roboto.R$drawable: int sky_blue_with_pebbles_bkg
com.roboto.R$drawable: int social_share
com.roboto.R$drawable: int sort
com.roboto.R$drawable: int stars
com.roboto.R$drawable: int sun_flower
com.roboto.R$drawable: int sunflower
com.roboto.R$drawable: int texturesmall
com.roboto.R$drawable: int uv_add
com.roboto.R$drawable: int uv_admin_response
com.roboto.R$drawable: int uv_article
com.roboto.R$drawable: int uv_clickable
com.roboto.R$drawable: int uv_comment
com.roboto.R$drawable: int uv_contact
com.roboto.R$drawable: int uv_heart
com.roboto.R$drawable: int uv_idea
com.roboto.R$drawable: int uv_list_separator
com.roboto.R$drawable: int uv_list_separator_light
com.roboto.R$drawable: int view_reads
com.roboto.R$drawable: int wood
com.roboto.R$id: int accelerated
com.roboto.R$id: int activity_bar
com.roboto.R$id: int activity_frame
com.roboto.R$id: int applyContentRadio
com.roboto.R$id: int applyTitleRadio
com.roboto.R$id: int arrow_down
com.roboto.R$id: int arrow_up
com.roboto.R$id: int backBtn
com.roboto.R$id: int button_layout
com.roboto.R$id: int byTopic
com.roboto.R$id: int byWebSearch
com.roboto.R$id: int byYoutube
com.roboto.R$id: int cancelFullscreenBtn
com.roboto.R$id: int container
com.roboto.R$id: int content_flipper
com.roboto.R$id: int details
com.roboto.R$id: int download
com.roboto.R$id: int dragLayer
com.roboto.R$id: int drawer_layout
com.roboto.R$id: int droid_flakes_parent
com.roboto.R$id: int endHandle
com.roboto.R$id: int feed_icon
com.roboto.R$id: int feed_title
com.roboto.R$id: int feed_url
com.roboto.R$id: int feedsListView
com.roboto.R$id: int filterText
com.roboto.R$id: int filter_textview
com.roboto.R$id: int filters_layout
com.roboto.R$id: int forwardBtn
com.roboto.R$id: int fragment
com.roboto.R$id: int icon
com.roboto.R$id: int imageView
com.roboto.R$id: int imageView1
com.roboto.R$id: int indicator
com.roboto.R$id: int iv_icon
com.roboto.R$id: int left_drawer
com.roboto.R$id: int less
com.roboto.R$id: int logo
com.roboto.R$id: int main_content
com.roboto.R$id: int main_content_parent
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_add_feed
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_add_group
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_all_read
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_copy_clipboard
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_delete
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_edit
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_export
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_full_screen
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_help_and_feedback
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_hide_read
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_import
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_mark_as_unread
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_refresh
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_settings_main
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_share
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_share_starred
com.roboto.R$id: int menu_star
com.roboto.R$id: int more
com.roboto.R$id: int name_textview
com.roboto.R$id: int popup_actions_view
com.roboto.R$id: int popup_dictionary_meaning_view
com.roboto.R$id: int popup_download_status_download_button
com.roboto.R$id: int popup_download_status_information
com.roboto.R$id: int popup_download_status_layout_root
com.roboto.R$id: int popup_download_status_progress_bar
com.roboto.R$id: int popup_download_status_title
com.roboto.R$id: int popup_download_status_view
com.roboto.R$id: int radioGroup
com.roboto.R$id: int regexCheckBox
com.roboto.R$id: int retrieve_fulltext
com.roboto.R$id: int roboto_logo_parent
com.roboto.R$id: int root_master_of_all
com.roboto.R$id: int save_button
com.roboto.R$id: int scroller
com.roboto.R$id: int searchButton
com.roboto.R$id: int searchText
com.roboto.R$id: int seekbar_blue
com.roboto.R$id: int seekbar_green
com.roboto.R$id: int seekbar_red
com.roboto.R$id: int seekbar_transparency
com.roboto.R$id: int separator
com.roboto.R$id: int sortItem
com.roboto.R$id: int startHandle
com.roboto.R$id: int touch_gestures_parent
com.roboto.R$id: int tracks
com.roboto.R$id: int tv_title
com.roboto.R$id: int unread_count
com.roboto.R$id: int url_textview
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_action_contact
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_action_search
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_admin_avatar
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_admin_name
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_admin_response
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_avatar
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_comment_count
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_comment_edit_text
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_contact_button
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_container
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_creator
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_date
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_detail
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_divider
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_email
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_header_text
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_helpful_button
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_helpful_section
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_icon
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_list
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_menu_search
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_name
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_new_idea
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_password
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_post_comment
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_response_date
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_response_divider
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_response_status
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_response_text
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_select_field
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_signin_email
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_signin_forgot_password
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_signin_name
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_signin_password
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_signin_password_fields
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_status
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_subscribe
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_subscribe_checkbox
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_subscriber_count
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_suggestion_details
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_suggestion_status
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_suggestion_status_color
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_suggestion_title
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_text
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_text2
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_text_field
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_title
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_unhelpful_button
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_view_flipper
com.roboto.R$id: int uv_webview
com.roboto.R$id: int webView
com.roboto.R$layout: int action_item_horizontal
com.roboto.R$layout: int action_item_vertical
com.roboto.R$layout: int activity_download
com.roboto.R$layout: int activity_entry
com.roboto.R$layout: int activity_feed_edit
com.roboto.R$layout: int activity_main
com.roboto.R$layout: int activity_preferences
com.roboto.R$layout: int activity_progress
com.roboto.R$layout: int dialog_color_transparency_picker
com.roboto.R$layout: int dialog_filter_edit
com.roboto.R$layout: int dialog_search_feed
com.roboto.R$layout: int download_status_info
com.roboto.R$layout: int droidflakes
com.roboto.R$layout: int fragment_entry_list
com.roboto.R$layout: int fragment_feed_list
com.roboto.R$layout: int horiz_separator
com.roboto.R$layout: int item_drawer_list
com.roboto.R$layout: int item_entry_list
com.roboto.R$layout: int item_feed_list
com.roboto.R$layout: int item_search_result
com.roboto.R$layout: int main
com.roboto.R$layout: int notused_for_flakes
com.roboto.R$layout: int popup_horizontal
com.roboto.R$layout: int popup_vertical
com.roboto.R$layout: int popup_vertical_dictionary_meaning
com.roboto.R$layout: int selection_drag_layer
com.roboto.R$layout: int touch_main
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_article_layout
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_comment_dialog
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_comment_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_contact_button_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_contact_text_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_divider
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_header_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_header_item_light
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_header_item_light_no_padding
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_idea_dialog
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_idea_dialog_header
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_idea_help_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_instant_answer_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_list_content
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_loading_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_password_dialog
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_select_field_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_signin_layout
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_subscribe_dialog
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_suggestion_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_text_field_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int uv_text_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int widget
com.roboto.R$layout: int widget_config
com.roboto.R$layout: int widget_item
com.roboto.R$layout: int widget_preferences
com.roboto.R$menu: int drawer
com.roboto.R$menu: int edit_context_menu
com.roboto.R$menu: int entry
com.roboto.R$menu: int entry_list
com.roboto.R$menu: int feed_context_menu
com.roboto.R$menu: int feed_list
com.roboto.R$menu: int main
com.roboto.R$menu: int uv_forum
com.roboto.R$menu: int uv_portal
com.roboto.R$plurals: int uv_articles
com.roboto.R$plurals: int uv_comments
com.roboto.R$plurals: int uv_ideas
com.roboto.R$plurals: int uv_number_of_subscribers_format
com.roboto.R$plurals: int uv_people
com.roboto.R$plurals: int uv_subscribers
com.roboto.R$raw: int default_feeds
com.roboto.R$string: int action_settings
com.roboto.R$string: int actionbar_title
com.roboto.R$string: int add_group_title
com.roboto.R$string: int all
com.roboto.R$string: int all_feeds
com.roboto.R$string: int app_name
com.roboto.R$string: int blue
com.roboto.R$string: int cant_open_link
com.roboto.R$string: int colon
com.roboto.R$string: int context_menu_delete
com.roboto.R$string: int context_menu_edit
com.roboto.R$string: int context_menu_hide_read
com.roboto.R$string: int context_menu_share_starred
com.roboto.R$string: int context_menu_show_read
com.roboto.R$string: int copied_clipboard
com.roboto.R$string: int download_hint
com.roboto.R$string: int drawer_close
com.roboto.R$string: int drawer_open
com.roboto.R$string: int edit_feed_title
com.roboto.R$string: int edit_group_title
com.roboto.R$string: int error
com.roboto.R$string: int error_external_storage_not_available
com.roboto.R$string: int error_feed_error
com.roboto.R$string: int error_feed_export
com.roboto.R$string: int error_feed_import
com.roboto.R$string: int error_feed_process
com.roboto.R$string: int error_feed_url_exists
com.roboto.R$string: int favorites
com.roboto.R$string: int feed_filters
com.roboto.R$string: int feed_search
com.roboto.R$string: int feed_search_by_topic
com.roboto.R$string: int feed_search_by_web_search
com.roboto.R$string: int feed_search_by_youtube
com.roboto.R$string: int feed_title
com.roboto.R$string: int feed_url
com.roboto.R$string: int feedex_feeds
com.roboto.R$string: int feeds
com.roboto.R$string: int filter_add_title
com.roboto.R$string: int filter_apply_to_content
com.roboto.R$string: int filter_apply_to_title
com.roboto.R$string: int filter_delete_title
com.roboto.R$string: int filter_edit_title
com.roboto.R$string: int filter_is_regex
com.roboto.R$string: int get_full_text
com.roboto.R$string: int green
com.roboto.R$string: int hello_world
com.roboto.R$string: int loading
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_add_feed
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_add_group
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_all_read
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_copy_clipboard
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_export
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_full_screen
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_help_and_feedback
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_import
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_mark_as_unread
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_refresh
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_settings
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_share
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_star
com.roboto.R$string: int menu_unstar
com.roboto.R$string: int message_exported_to
com.roboto.R$string: int network_error
com.roboto.R$string: int never
com.roboto.R$string: int new_entries
com.roboto.R$string: int new_feed_title
com.roboto.R$string: int no_entries
com.roboto.R$string: int no_feeds
com.roboto.R$string: int no_filters
com.roboto.R$string: int no_result
com.roboto.R$string: int optional
com.roboto.R$string: int original_text
com.roboto.R$string: int question_delete_feed
com.roboto.R$string: int question_delete_filter
com.roboto.R$string: int question_delete_group
com.roboto.R$string: int red
com.roboto.R$string: int see_enclosure
com.roboto.R$string: int see_link
com.roboto.R$string: int select_file
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_category_content_presentation
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_category_network
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_category_notifications
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_category_refresh
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_disable_pictures
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_disable_pictures_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_fetch_pictures
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_fetch_pictures_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_font_size
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_font_size_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_keep_time
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_keep_time_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_lighttheme
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_lighttheme_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_notifications_enabled
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_notifications_enabled_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_notifications_ringtone
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_notifications_ringtone_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_notifications_vibrate
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_notifications_vibrate_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_proxy_enabled
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_proxy_host
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_proxy_port
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_proxy_type
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_proxy_wifi_only
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_proxy_wifi_only_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_refresh_enabled
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_refresh_enabled_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_refresh_interval
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_refresh_interval_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_refresh_on_open
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_refresh_on_open_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_refresh_wifi_only
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_refresh_wifi_only_description
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_screen_proxy
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_visible_feeds
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_widget_background
com.roboto.R$string: int settings_widget_background_description
com.roboto.R$string: int share_favorites_title
com.roboto.R$string: int to_group_above
com.roboto.R$string: int to_group_into
com.roboto.R$string: int to_group_message
com.roboto.R$string: int to_group_title
com.roboto.R$string: int transparency
com.roboto.R$string: int update
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_admin_response_format
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_all_articles
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_all_results_filter
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_article
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_article_browse_question
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_article_instant_answer_question
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_articles_filter
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_cancel
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_category
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_close
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_comment_hint
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_confirm
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_contact_continue_button
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_contact_hint
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_contact_us
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_display_name
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_email_address
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_email_address_hint
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_error
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_failed_signin_error
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_feedback_forum
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_forgot_password
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_helpful_article_message_question
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_i_want_this
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_idea
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_idea_description_heading
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_idea_description_hint
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_idea_form_help
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_idea_form_title
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_idea_text_heading
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_idea_text_hint
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_ideas_filter
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_knowledge_base
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_loading
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_matching_articles
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_matching_articles_and_ideas
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_matching_ideas
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_menu_search
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_msg_comment_posted
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_msg_confirm_discard_idea
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_msg_confirm_discard_message
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_msg_custom_fields_validation
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_msg_forgot_password
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_msg_idea_created
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_msg_subscribe
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_msg_subscribe_success
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_msg_ticket_created
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_msg_unsubscribe
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_msg_user_identity_validation
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_name_hint
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_network_error
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_nevermind
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_new_comment
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_next
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_no
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_none_of_these_help
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_number_of_subscribers_format
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_password
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_password_dialog_title
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_portal_title
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_post_a_comment
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_post_an_idea
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_post_comment
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_post_idea_continue_button
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_posted_by_format
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_remove_votes
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_select_none
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_select_one
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_send_message
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_signin_dialog_ok
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_signin_dialog_title
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_status_format
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_submit_idea
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_subscribe
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_subscribe_dialog_title
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_suggestion_instant_answer_question
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_thanks
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_title_idea
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_unhelpful_article_message_question
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_value
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_very_yes
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_yes
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_your_email_address
com.roboto.R$string: int uv_your_name
com.roboto.R$string: int website_or_feed
com.roboto.R$style: int Animations
com.roboto.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu
com.roboto.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Center
com.roboto.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Left
com.roboto.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Reflect
com.roboto.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Right
com.roboto.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu
com.roboto.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Center
com.roboto.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Left
com.roboto.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Reflect
com.roboto.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Right
com.roboto.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.roboto.R$style: int AppTheme
com.roboto.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme
com.roboto.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme_MyActionBar
com.roboto.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme_MyActionBar_TitleTextStyle
com.roboto.R$style: int ListSeparator
com.roboto.R$style: int Text
com.roboto.R$style: int Text_Normal
com.roboto.R$style: int Text_Title
com.roboto.R$style: int TextAppearance_OptionsMenuItem
com.roboto.R$style: int uv_ListSeparator
com.roboto.R$style: int uv_ListSeparatorLight
com.roboto.R$xml: int widgetinfo
com.roboto.app.RobotoActivity: RobotoActivity()
com.roboto.app.RobotoApplication: RobotoApplication()
com.roboto.app.TouchActivity: TouchActivity()
com.roboto.file.FileDownloadStatusReceiver
com.roboto.file.FileDownloadStatusReceiver: FileDownloadStatusReceiver()
com.roboto.file.FileState: com.roboto.file.FileState[] values()
com.roboto.file.FileState: com.roboto.file.FileState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.roboto.flakes.DroidFlakesActivity: DroidFlakesActivity()
com.roboto.flakes.FlakeView: int getNumFlakes()
com.roboto.flakes.FlakeView: void setNumFlakes(int)
com.roboto.ui.RootViewGroup
com.roboto.ui.RootViewGroup: RootViewGroup(android.content.Context)
com.roboto.ui.RootViewGroup: RootViewGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.roboto.ui.RootViewGroup: RootViewGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int disappear
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int grow_from_bottom
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int grow_from_bottomleft_to_topright
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int grow_from_bottomright_to_topleft
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int grow_from_top
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int grow_from_topleft_to_bottomright
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int grow_from_topright_to_bottomleft
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int pump_bottom
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int pump_top
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int rail
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottom
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottomleft_to_topright
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottomright_to_topleft
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int shrink_from_top
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int shrink_from_topleft_to_bottomright
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$anim: int shrink_from_topright_to_bottomleft
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$array: int settings_font_size_values
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$array: int settings_font_sizes
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$array: int settings_interval_values
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$array: int settings_intervals
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$array: int settings_keep_time_values
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$array: int settings_keep_times
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$array: int settings_proxy_types
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$array: int settings_proxy_types_names
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$color: int random
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$color: int sky_blue_deep
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$color: int sky_blue_deep1
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$dimen: int list_item_height_large
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$dimen: int list_item_height_small
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$dimen: int list_item_height_standard
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$dimen: int popup_detail_view_width
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$dimen: int popup_height
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$dimen: int popup_side_actions_width
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$dimen: int popup_width
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$dimen: int uv_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int action_export
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int action_import
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int action_item_btn
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int action_item_selected
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int action_search
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int action_settings
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int add_group
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int arrow_down
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int arrow_up
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bar10
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bar12
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bar4
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bar5
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bar6
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bar7
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bar8
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bar9
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int basketball
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bkg1
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bkg2
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bkg3
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bkg4
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bkg5
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int bkg6
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int cancel_full_screen
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int content_copy
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int content_discard
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int content_edit
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int content_new
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg2
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg3
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int dimmed_content_new
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int dimmed_rating_important
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int dimmed_rating_not_important
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int drawer_shadow
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int droid
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int droid2
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int earth
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int full_screen
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int group_collapsed
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int group_expanded
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int hide_reads
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int ic_drawer
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int ic_navigation_drawer
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int ic_statusbar_rss
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int ic_statusbar_rss1
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int icon
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int leaf
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int leaf1
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int leaf2
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int logo
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int logo_large
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int menu_eraser
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int menu_info
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int menu_search
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int navigation_back
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int navigation_forward
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int new_bk
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int popup
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int radialback
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int radialback_new
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int rating_important
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int rating_not_important
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int read_all
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int red_bkg
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int refresh
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int round_background
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int selection_handle
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int sky_blue_with_pebbles_bkg
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int social_share
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int sort
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int stars
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int sun_flower
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int sunflower
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int texturesmall
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int uv_add
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int uv_admin_response
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int uv_article
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int uv_clickable
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int uv_comment
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int uv_contact
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int uv_heart
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int uv_idea
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int uv_list_separator
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int uv_list_separator_light
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int view_reads
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$drawable: int wood
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int accelerated
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int activity_bar
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int activity_frame
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int applyContentRadio
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int applyTitleRadio
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int arrow_down
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int arrow_up
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int backBtn
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int button_layout
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int byTopic
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int byWebSearch
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int byYoutube
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int cancelFullscreenBtn
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int container
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int content_flipper
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int details
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int download
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int dragLayer
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int drawer_layout
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int droid_flakes_parent
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int endHandle
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int feed_icon
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int feed_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int feed_url
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int feedsListView
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int filterText
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int filter_textview
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int filters_layout
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int forwardBtn
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int fragment
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int icon
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int imageView
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int imageView1
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int indicator
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int iv_icon
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int left_drawer
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int less
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int logo
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int main_content
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int main_content_parent
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_add_feed
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_add_group
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_all_read
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_copy_clipboard
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_delete
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_edit
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_export
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_full_screen
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_help_and_feedback
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_hide_read
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_import
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_mark_as_unread
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_refresh
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_settings_main
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_share
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_share_starred
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int menu_star
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int more
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int name_textview
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int popup_actions_view
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int popup_dictionary_meaning_view
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int popup_download_status_download_button
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int popup_download_status_information
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int popup_download_status_layout_root
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int popup_download_status_progress_bar
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int popup_download_status_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int popup_download_status_view
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int radioGroup
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int regexCheckBox
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int retrieve_fulltext
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int roboto_logo_parent
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int root_master_of_all
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int save_button
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int scroller
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int searchButton
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int searchText
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int seekbar_blue
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int seekbar_green
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int seekbar_red
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int seekbar_transparency
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int separator
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int sortItem
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int startHandle
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int touch_gestures_parent
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int tracks
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int tv_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int unread_count
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int url_textview
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_action_contact
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_action_search
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_admin_avatar
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_admin_name
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_admin_response
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_avatar
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_comment_count
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_comment_edit_text
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_contact_button
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_container
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_creator
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_date
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_detail
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_divider
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_email
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_header_text
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_helpful_button
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_helpful_section
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_icon
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_list
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_menu_search
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_name
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_new_idea
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_password
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_post_comment
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_response_date
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_response_divider
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_response_status
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_response_text
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_select_field
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_signin_email
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_signin_forgot_password
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_signin_name
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_signin_password
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_signin_password_fields
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_status
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_subscribe
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_subscribe_checkbox
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_subscriber_count
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_suggestion_details
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_suggestion_status
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_suggestion_status_color
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_suggestion_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_text
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_text2
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_text_field
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_unhelpful_button
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_view_flipper
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int uv_webview
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$id: int webView
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int action_item_horizontal
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int action_item_vertical
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int activity_download
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int activity_entry
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int activity_feed_edit
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int activity_main
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int activity_preferences
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int activity_progress
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int dialog_color_transparency_picker
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int dialog_filter_edit
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int dialog_search_feed
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int download_status_info
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int droidflakes
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int fragment_entry_list
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int fragment_feed_list
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int horiz_separator
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int item_drawer_list
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int item_entry_list
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int item_feed_list
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int item_search_result
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int main
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int notused_for_flakes
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int popup_horizontal
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int popup_vertical
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int popup_vertical_dictionary_meaning
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int selection_drag_layer
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int touch_main
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_article_layout
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_comment_dialog
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_comment_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_contact_button_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_contact_text_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_divider
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_header_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_header_item_light
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_header_item_light_no_padding
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_idea_dialog
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_idea_dialog_header
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_idea_help_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_instant_answer_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_list_content
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_loading_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_password_dialog
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_select_field_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_signin_layout
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_subscribe_dialog
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_suggestion_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_text_field_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int uv_text_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int widget
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int widget_config
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int widget_item
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$layout: int widget_preferences
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$menu: int drawer
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$menu: int edit_context_menu
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$menu: int entry
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$menu: int entry_list
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$menu: int feed_context_menu
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$menu: int feed_list
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$menu: int main
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$menu: int uv_forum
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$menu: int uv_portal
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$plurals: int uv_articles
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$plurals: int uv_comments
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$plurals: int uv_ideas
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$plurals: int uv_number_of_subscribers_format
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$plurals: int uv_people
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$plurals: int uv_subscribers
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$raw: int default_feeds
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int action_settings
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int actionbar_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int add_group_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int all
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int all_feeds
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int app_name
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int blue
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int cant_open_link
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int colon
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int context_menu_delete
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int context_menu_edit
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int context_menu_hide_read
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int context_menu_share_starred
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int context_menu_show_read
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int copied_clipboard
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int download_hint
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int drawer_close
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int drawer_open
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int edit_feed_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int edit_group_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int error
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int error_external_storage_not_available
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int error_feed_error
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int error_feed_export
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int error_feed_import
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int error_feed_process
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int error_feed_url_exists
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int favorites
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int feed_filters
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int feed_search
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int feed_search_by_topic
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int feed_search_by_web_search
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int feed_search_by_youtube
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int feed_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int feed_url
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int feedex_feeds
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int feeds
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int filter_add_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int filter_apply_to_content
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int filter_apply_to_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int filter_delete_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int filter_edit_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int filter_is_regex
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int get_full_text
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int green
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int hello_world
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int loading
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_add_feed
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_add_group
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_all_read
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_copy_clipboard
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_export
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_full_screen
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_help_and_feedback
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_import
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_mark_as_unread
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_refresh
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_settings
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_share
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_star
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int menu_unstar
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int message_exported_to
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int network_error
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int never
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int new_entries
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int new_feed_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int no_entries
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int no_feeds
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int no_filters
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int no_result
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int optional
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int original_text
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int question_delete_feed
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int question_delete_filter
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int question_delete_group
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int red
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int see_enclosure
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int see_link
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int select_file
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_category_content_presentation
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_category_network
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_category_notifications
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_category_refresh
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_disable_pictures
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_disable_pictures_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_fetch_pictures
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_fetch_pictures_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_font_size
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_font_size_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_keep_time
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_keep_time_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_lighttheme
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_lighttheme_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_notifications_enabled
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_notifications_enabled_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_notifications_ringtone
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_notifications_ringtone_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_notifications_vibrate
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_notifications_vibrate_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_proxy_enabled
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_proxy_host
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_proxy_port
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_proxy_type
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_proxy_wifi_only
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_proxy_wifi_only_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_refresh_enabled
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_refresh_enabled_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_refresh_interval
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_refresh_interval_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_refresh_on_open
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_refresh_on_open_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_refresh_wifi_only
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_refresh_wifi_only_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_screen_proxy
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_visible_feeds
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_widget_background
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int settings_widget_background_description
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int share_favorites_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int to_group_above
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int to_group_into
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int to_group_message
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int to_group_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int transparency
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int update
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_admin_response_format
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_all_articles
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_all_results_filter
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_article
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_article_browse_question
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_article_instant_answer_question
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_articles_filter
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_cancel
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_category
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_close
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_comment_hint
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_confirm
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_contact_continue_button
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_contact_hint
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_contact_us
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_display_name
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_email_address
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_email_address_hint
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_error
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_failed_signin_error
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_feedback_forum
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_forgot_password
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_helpful_article_message_question
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_i_want_this
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_idea
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_idea_description_heading
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_idea_description_hint
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_idea_form_help
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_idea_form_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_idea_text_heading
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_idea_text_hint
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_ideas_filter
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_knowledge_base
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_loading
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_matching_articles
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_matching_articles_and_ideas
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_matching_ideas
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_menu_search
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_msg_comment_posted
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_msg_confirm_discard_idea
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_msg_confirm_discard_message
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_msg_custom_fields_validation
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_msg_forgot_password
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_msg_idea_created
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_msg_subscribe
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_msg_subscribe_success
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_msg_ticket_created
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_msg_unsubscribe
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_msg_user_identity_validation
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_name_hint
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_network_error
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_nevermind
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_new_comment
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_next
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_no
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_none_of_these_help
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_number_of_subscribers_format
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_password
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_password_dialog_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_portal_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_post_a_comment
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_post_an_idea
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_post_comment
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_post_idea_continue_button
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_posted_by_format
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_remove_votes
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_select_none
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_select_one
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_send_message
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_signin_dialog_ok
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_signin_dialog_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_status_format
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_submit_idea
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_subscribe
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_subscribe_dialog_title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_suggestion_instant_answer_question
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_thanks
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_title_idea
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_unhelpful_article_message_question
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_value
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_very_yes
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_yes
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_your_email_address
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int uv_your_name
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$string: int website_or_feed
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Animations
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Center
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Left
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Reflect
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Right
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Center
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Left
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Reflect
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Right
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int AppTheme
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme_MyActionBar
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme_MyActionBar_TitleTextStyle
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int ListSeparator
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Text
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Text_Normal
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int Text_Title
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int TextAppearance_OptionsMenuItem
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int uv_ListSeparator
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$style: int uv_ListSeparatorLight
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.R$xml: int widgetinfo
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.ArticleActivity
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.ArticleActivity: ArticleActivity()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.BaseActivity: BaseActivity()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.BaseListActivity: BaseListActivity()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.ContactActivity
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.ContactActivity: ContactActivity()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.ForumActivity
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.ForumActivity: ForumActivity()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.InstantAnswersActivity: InstantAnswersActivity()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.PortalActivity
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.PortalActivity: PortalActivity()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.PostIdeaActivity
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.PostIdeaActivity: PostIdeaActivity()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.TopicActivity
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.activity.TopicActivity: TopicActivity()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.babayaga.Babayaga$Event: com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.babayaga.Babayaga$Event[] values()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.babayaga.Babayaga$Event: com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.babayaga.Babayaga$Event valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.compatibility.FragmentListActivity: FragmentListActivity()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.rest.RestMethod: com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.rest.RestMethod[] values()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.rest.RestMethod: com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.rest.RestMethod valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.ui.InstantAnswersAdapter$State: com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.ui.InstantAnswersAdapter$State[] values()
com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.ui.InstantAnswersAdapter$State: com.uservoice.uservoicesdk.ui.InstantAnswersAdapter$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
net.fred.feedex.MainApplication
net.fred.feedex.MainApplication: MainApplication()
net.fred.feedex.activity.EditFeedActivity
net.fred.feedex.activity.EditFeedActivity: EditFeedActivity()
net.fred.feedex.activity.EditFeedActivity: void onClickAddFilter(android.view.View)
net.fred.feedex.activity.EditFeedActivity: void onClickOk(android.view.View)
net.fred.feedex.activity.EditFeedActivity: void onClickCancel(android.view.View)
net.fred.feedex.activity.EditFeedActivity: void onClickSearch(android.view.View)
net.fred.feedex.activity.EntryActivity
net.fred.feedex.activity.EntryActivity: EntryActivity()
net.fred.feedex.activity.EntryActivity: void onClickBackBtn(android.view.View)
net.fred.feedex.activity.EntryActivity: void onClickForwardBtn(android.view.View)
net.fred.feedex.activity.EntryActivity: void onClickCancelFullscreenBtn(android.view.View)
net.fred.feedex.activity.EntryActivity$JavaScriptObject: java.lang.String toString()
net.fred.feedex.activity.EntryActivity$JavaScriptObject: void onClickOriginalText()
net.fred.feedex.activity.EntryActivity$JavaScriptObject: void onClickFullText()
net.fred.feedex.activity.EntryActivity$JavaScriptObject: void onClickEnclosure()
net.fred.feedex.activity.FeedsListActivity
net.fred.feedex.activity.FeedsListActivity: FeedsListActivity()
net.fred.feedex.activity.GeneralPrefsActivity
net.fred.feedex.activity.GeneralPrefsActivity: GeneralPrefsActivity()
net.fred.feedex.activity.MainActivity
net.fred.feedex.activity.MainActivity: MainActivity()
net.fred.feedex.activity.ProgressActivity: ProgressActivity()
net.fred.feedex.activity.ProgressActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
net.fred.feedex.fragment.EntriesListFragment
net.fred.feedex.fragment.EntriesListFragment: EntriesListFragment()
net.fred.feedex.provider.FeedDataContentProvider
net.fred.feedex.provider.FeedDataContentProvider: FeedDataContentProvider()
net.fred.feedex.receiver.BootCompletedBroadcastReceiver
net.fred.feedex.receiver.BootCompletedBroadcastReceiver: BootCompletedBroadcastReceiver()
net.fred.feedex.receiver.ConnectionChangeReceiver
net.fred.feedex.receiver.ConnectionChangeReceiver: ConnectionChangeReceiver()
net.fred.feedex.service.FetcherService
net.fred.feedex.service.FetcherService: FetcherService()
net.fred.feedex.service.RefreshService
net.fred.feedex.service.RefreshService: RefreshService()
net.fred.feedex.service.RefreshService$RefreshAlarmReceiver
net.fred.feedex.service.RefreshService$RefreshAlarmReceiver: RefreshService$RefreshAlarmReceiver()
net.fred.feedex.view.DragNDropExpandableListView
net.fred.feedex.view.DragNDropExpandableListView: DragNDropExpandableListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
net.fred.feedex.view.DragNDropExpandableListView: void setDragNDropListener(net.fred.feedex.view.DragNDropListener)
net.fred.feedex.widget.ColorPickerDialogPreference
net.fred.feedex.widget.ColorPickerDialogPreference: ColorPickerDialogPreference(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
net.fred.feedex.widget.WidgetConfigActivity
net.fred.feedex.widget.WidgetConfigActivity: WidgetConfigActivity()
net.fred.feedex.widget.WidgetProvider
net.fred.feedex.widget.WidgetProvider: WidgetProvider()
net.fred.feedex.widget.WidgetService
net.fred.feedex.widget.WidgetService: WidgetService()
org.apache.commons.codec.language.bm.NameType: org.apache.commons.codec.language.bm.NameType[] values()
org.apache.commons.codec.language.bm.NameType: org.apache.commons.codec.language.bm.NameType valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.apache.commons.codec.language.bm.RuleType: org.apache.commons.codec.language.bm.RuleType[] values()
org.apache.commons.codec.language.bm.RuleType: org.apache.commons.codec.language.bm.RuleType valueOf(java.lang.String)
roboto.newsreader.HomeActivity
roboto.newsreader.HomeActivity: HomeActivity()
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int disappear
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int grow_from_bottom
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int grow_from_bottomleft_to_topright
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int grow_from_bottomright_to_topleft
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int grow_from_top
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int grow_from_topleft_to_bottomright
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int grow_from_topright_to_bottomleft
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int pump_bottom
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int pump_top
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int rail
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottom
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottomleft_to_topright
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int shrink_from_bottomright_to_topleft
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int shrink_from_top
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int shrink_from_topleft_to_bottomright
roboto.newsreader.R$anim: int shrink_from_topright_to_bottomleft
roboto.newsreader.R$array: int settings_font_size_values
roboto.newsreader.R$array: int settings_font_sizes
roboto.newsreader.R$array: int settings_interval_values
roboto.newsreader.R$array: int settings_intervals
roboto.newsreader.R$array: int settings_keep_time_values
roboto.newsreader.R$array: int settings_keep_times
roboto.newsreader.R$array: int settings_proxy_types
roboto.newsreader.R$array: int settings_proxy_types_names
roboto.newsreader.R$color: int random
roboto.newsreader.R$color: int sky_blue_deep
roboto.newsreader.R$color: int sky_blue_deep1
roboto.newsreader.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
roboto.newsreader.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
roboto.newsreader.R$dimen: int list_item_height_large
roboto.newsreader.R$dimen: int list_item_height_small
roboto.newsreader.R$dimen: int list_item_height_standard
roboto.newsreader.R$dimen: int popup_detail_view_width
roboto.newsreader.R$dimen: int popup_height
roboto.newsreader.R$dimen: int popup_side_actions_width
roboto.newsreader.R$dimen: int popup_width
roboto.newsreader.R$dimen: int uv_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int action_export
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int action_import
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int action_item_btn
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int action_item_selected
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int action_search
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int action_settings
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int add_group
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int arrow_down
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int arrow_up
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bar10
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bar12
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bar4
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bar5
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bar6
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bar7
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bar8
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bar9
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int basketball
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bkg1
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bkg2
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bkg3
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bkg4
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bkg5
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int bkg6
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int cancel_full_screen
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int content_copy
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int content_discard
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int content_edit
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int content_new
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg2
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int contextmenu_bkg3
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int dimmed_content_new
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int dimmed_rating_important
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int dimmed_rating_not_important
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int drawer_shadow
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int droid
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int droid2
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int earth
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int full_screen
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int group_collapsed
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int group_expanded
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int hide_reads
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int ic_drawer
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int ic_navigation_drawer
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int ic_statusbar_rss
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int ic_statusbar_rss1
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int icon
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int leaf
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int leaf1
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int leaf2
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int logo
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int logo_large
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int menu_eraser
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int menu_info
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int menu_search
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int navigation_back
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int navigation_forward
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int new_bk
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int popup
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int radialback
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int radialback_new
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int rating_important
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int rating_not_important
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int read_all
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int red_bkg
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int refresh
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int round_background
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int selection_handle
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int sky_blue_with_pebbles_bkg
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int social_share
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int sort
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int stars
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int sun_flower
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int sunflower
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int texturesmall
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int uv_add
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int uv_admin_response
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int uv_article
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int uv_clickable
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int uv_comment
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int uv_contact
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int uv_heart
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int uv_idea
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int uv_list_separator
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int uv_list_separator_light
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int view_reads
roboto.newsreader.R$drawable: int wood
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int accelerated
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int activity_bar
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int activity_frame
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int applyContentRadio
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int applyTitleRadio
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int arrow_down
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int arrow_up
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int backBtn
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int button_layout
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int byTopic
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int byWebSearch
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int byYoutube
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int cancelFullscreenBtn
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int container
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int content_flipper
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int details
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int download
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int dragLayer
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int drawer_layout
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int droid_flakes_parent
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int endHandle
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int feed_icon
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int feed_title
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int feed_url
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int feedsListView
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int filterText
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int filter_textview
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int filters_layout
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int forwardBtn
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int fragment
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int icon
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int imageView
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int imageView1
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int indicator
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int iv_icon
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int left_drawer
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int less
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int logo
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int main_content
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int main_content_parent
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_add_feed
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_add_group
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_all_read
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_copy_clipboard
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_delete
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_edit
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_export
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_full_screen
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_help_and_feedback
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_hide_read
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_import
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_mark_as_unread
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_refresh
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_settings_main
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_share
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_share_starred
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int menu_star
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int more
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int name_textview
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int popup_actions_view
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int popup_dictionary_meaning_view
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int popup_download_status_download_button
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int popup_download_status_information
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int popup_download_status_layout_root
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int popup_download_status_progress_bar
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int popup_download_status_title
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int popup_download_status_view
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int radioGroup
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int regexCheckBox
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int retrieve_fulltext
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int roboto_logo_parent
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int root_master_of_all
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int save_button
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int scroller
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int searchButton
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int searchText
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int seekbar_blue
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int seekbar_green
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int seekbar_red
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int seekbar_transparency
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int separator
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int sortItem
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int startHandle
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int touch_gestures_parent
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int tracks
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int tv_title
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int unread_count
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int url_textview
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_action_contact
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_action_search
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_admin_avatar
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_admin_name
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_admin_response
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_avatar
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_comment_count
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_comment_edit_text
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_contact_button
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_container
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_creator
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_date
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_detail
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_divider
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_email
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_header_text
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_helpful_button
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_helpful_section
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_icon
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_list
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_menu_search
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_name
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_new_idea
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_password
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_post_comment
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_response_date
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_response_divider
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_response_status
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_response_text
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_select_field
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_signin_email
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_signin_forgot_password
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_signin_name
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_signin_password
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_signin_password_fields
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_status
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_subscribe
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_subscribe_checkbox
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_subscriber_count
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_suggestion_details
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_suggestion_status
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_suggestion_status_color
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_suggestion_title
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_text
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_text2
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_text_field
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_title
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_unhelpful_button
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_view_flipper
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int uv_webview
roboto.newsreader.R$id: int webView
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int action_item_horizontal
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int action_item_vertical
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int activity_download
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int activity_entry
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int activity_feed_edit
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int activity_main
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int activity_preferences
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int activity_progress
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int dialog_color_transparency_picker
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int dialog_filter_edit
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int dialog_search_feed
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int download_status_info
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int droidflakes
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int fragment_entry_list
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int fragment_feed_list
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int horiz_separator
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int item_drawer_list
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int item_entry_list
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int item_feed_list
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int item_search_result
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int main
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int notused_for_flakes
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int popup_horizontal
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int popup_vertical
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int popup_vertical_dictionary_meaning
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int selection_drag_layer
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int touch_main
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_article_layout
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_comment_dialog
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_comment_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_contact_button_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_contact_text_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_divider
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_header_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_header_item_light
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_header_item_light_no_padding
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_idea_dialog
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_idea_dialog_header
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_idea_help_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_instant_answer_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_list_content
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_loading_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_password_dialog
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_select_field_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_signin_layout
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_subscribe_dialog
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_suggestion_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_text_field_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int uv_text_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int widget
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int widget_config
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int widget_item
roboto.newsreader.R$layout: int widget_preferences
roboto.newsreader.R$menu: int drawer
roboto.newsreader.R$menu: int edit_context_menu
roboto.newsreader.R$menu: int entry
roboto.newsreader.R$menu: int entry_list
roboto.newsreader.R$menu: int feed_context_menu
roboto.newsreader.R$menu: int feed_list
roboto.newsreader.R$menu: int main
roboto.newsreader.R$menu: int uv_forum
roboto.newsreader.R$menu: int uv_portal
roboto.newsreader.R$plurals: int uv_articles
roboto.newsreader.R$plurals: int uv_comments
roboto.newsreader.R$plurals: int uv_ideas
roboto.newsreader.R$plurals: int uv_number_of_subscribers_format
roboto.newsreader.R$plurals: int uv_people
roboto.newsreader.R$plurals: int uv_subscribers
roboto.newsreader.R$raw: int default_feeds
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int action_settings
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int actionbar_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int add_group_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int all
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int all_feeds
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int app_name
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int blue
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int cant_open_link
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int colon
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int context_menu_delete
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int context_menu_edit
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int context_menu_hide_read
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int context_menu_share_starred
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int context_menu_show_read
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int copied_clipboard
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int download_hint
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int drawer_close
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int drawer_open
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int edit_feed_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int edit_group_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int error
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int error_external_storage_not_available
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int error_feed_error
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int error_feed_export
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int error_feed_import
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int error_feed_process
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int error_feed_url_exists
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int favorites
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int feed_filters
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int feed_search
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int feed_search_by_topic
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int feed_search_by_web_search
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int feed_search_by_youtube
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int feed_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int feed_url
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int feedex_feeds
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int feeds
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int filter_add_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int filter_apply_to_content
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int filter_apply_to_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int filter_delete_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int filter_edit_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int filter_is_regex
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int get_full_text
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int green
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int hello_world
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int loading
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_add_feed
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_add_group
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_all_read
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_copy_clipboard
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_export
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_full_screen
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_help_and_feedback
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_import
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_mark_as_unread
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_refresh
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_settings
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_share
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_star
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int menu_unstar
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int message_exported_to
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int network_error
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int never
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int new_entries
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int new_feed_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int no_entries
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int no_feeds
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int no_filters
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int no_result
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int optional
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int original_text
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int question_delete_feed
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int question_delete_filter
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int question_delete_group
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int red
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int see_enclosure
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int see_link
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int select_file
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_category_content_presentation
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_category_network
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_category_notifications
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_category_refresh
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_disable_pictures
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_disable_pictures_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_fetch_pictures
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_fetch_pictures_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_font_size
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_font_size_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_keep_time
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_keep_time_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_lighttheme
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_lighttheme_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_notifications_enabled
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_notifications_enabled_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_notifications_ringtone
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_notifications_ringtone_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_notifications_vibrate
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_notifications_vibrate_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_proxy_enabled
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_proxy_host
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_proxy_port
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_proxy_type
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_proxy_wifi_only
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_proxy_wifi_only_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_refresh_enabled
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_refresh_enabled_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_refresh_interval
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_refresh_interval_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_refresh_on_open
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_refresh_on_open_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_refresh_wifi_only
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_refresh_wifi_only_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_screen_proxy
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_visible_feeds
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_widget_background
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int settings_widget_background_description
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int share_favorites_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int to_group_above
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int to_group_into
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int to_group_message
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int to_group_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int transparency
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int update
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_admin_response_format
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_all_articles
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_all_results_filter
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_article
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_article_browse_question
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_article_instant_answer_question
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_articles_filter
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_cancel
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_category
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_close
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_comment_hint
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_confirm
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_contact_continue_button
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_contact_hint
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_contact_us
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_display_name
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_email_address
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_email_address_hint
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_error
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_failed_signin_error
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_feedback_forum
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_forgot_password
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_helpful_article_message_question
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_i_want_this
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_idea
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_idea_description_heading
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_idea_description_hint
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_idea_form_help
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_idea_form_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_idea_text_heading
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_idea_text_hint
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_ideas_filter
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_knowledge_base
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_loading
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_matching_articles
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_matching_articles_and_ideas
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_matching_ideas
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_menu_search
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_msg_comment_posted
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_msg_confirm_discard_idea
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_msg_confirm_discard_message
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_msg_custom_fields_validation
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_msg_forgot_password
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_msg_idea_created
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_msg_subscribe
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_msg_subscribe_success
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_msg_ticket_created
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_msg_unsubscribe
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_msg_user_identity_validation
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_name_hint
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_network_error
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_nevermind
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_new_comment
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_next
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_no
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_none_of_these_help
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_number_of_subscribers_format
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_password
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_password_dialog_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_portal_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_post_a_comment
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_post_an_idea
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_post_comment
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_post_idea_continue_button
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_posted_by_format
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_remove_votes
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_select_none
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_select_one
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_send_message
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_signin_dialog_ok
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_signin_dialog_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_status_format
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_submit_idea
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_subscribe
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_subscribe_dialog_title
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_suggestion_instant_answer_question
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_thanks
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_title_idea
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_unhelpful_article_message_question
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_value
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_very_yes
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_yes
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_your_email_address
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int uv_your_name
roboto.newsreader.R$string: int website_or_feed
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Animations
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Center
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Left
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Reflect
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Animations_PopDownMenu_Right
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Center
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Left
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Reflect
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Animations_PopUpMenu_Right
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int AppTheme
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme_MyActionBar
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int CustomActionBarTheme_MyActionBar_TitleTextStyle
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int ListSeparator
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Text
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Text_Normal
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int Text_Title
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int TextAppearance_OptionsMenuItem
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int uv_ListSeparator
roboto.newsreader.R$style: int uv_ListSeparatorLight
roboto.newsreader.R$xml: int widgetinfo
roboto.newsreader.androidwebviewselection.BTWebView
roboto.newsreader.androidwebviewselection.BTWebView: BTWebView(android.content.Context)
roboto.newsreader.androidwebviewselection.BTWebView: BTWebView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
roboto.newsreader.androidwebviewselection.BTWebView: BTWebView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
roboto.newsreader.androidwebviewselection.BTWebView: void setup(android.content.Context)
roboto.newsreader.androidwebviewselection.TextSelectionJavascriptInterface: void jsError(java.lang.String)
roboto.newsreader.androidwebviewselection.TextSelectionJavascriptInterface: java.lang.String getInterfaceName()
roboto.newsreader.androidwebviewselection.TextSelectionJavascriptInterface: void startSelectionMode()
roboto.newsreader.androidwebviewselection.TextSelectionJavascriptInterface: void endSelectionMode()
roboto.newsreader.androidwebviewselection.TextSelectionJavascriptInterface: void selectionChanged(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
roboto.newsreader.androidwebviewselection.TextSelectionJavascriptInterface: void setContentWidth(float)
roboto.newsreader.drag.DragLayer
roboto.newsreader.drag.DragLayer: DragLayer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
roboto.newsreader.drag.DragLayer: void setDragController(roboto.newsreader.drag.DragController)
roboto.newsreader.drag.DragView: void setPaint(android.graphics.Paint)
roboto.newsreader.drag.MyAbsoluteLayout: MyAbsoluteLayout(android.content.Context)
roboto.newsreader.drag.MyAbsoluteLayout: MyAbsoluteLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
roboto.newsreader.drag.MyAbsoluteLayout: MyAbsoluteLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
